Thanks a lot. You kick ass for downloading this font.

You got Diediedie- this font is evil. \\m//

This font and font software are copyright (©)2001 Static Type 
Foundry.

This is a shareware font. Feel free to use it for your own personal 
enjoyment, free of charge and screw The Man. But, don't use it 
for commercial projects without asking me, because I'm gonna 
ask you to pay me a little money. If I see you selling crap with my 
font on it, I will (a) kick your ass, (b) tell all your friends you're a 
bitch-ass thief, and to hide all their cds when you come over to 
their house, and (c) kick your ass again.

Go to www.geocities.com/statictype 
E-mail me at statictype@yahoo.com
Mail things to me at: 
       Static Type Foundry Attn. Mike Emory
       33254 Little Reb Pl.
       Menifee, CA 92584
AOL Instant Message me- My s/n is NotEmo

A bunch of legal shite: 
END-USER SOFTWARE PRODUCT  LICENSE AGREEMENT: 
This software product is protected by national and international 
copyright laws and intellectual property laws.
1. GRANT OF LICENSE- This document grants you the following 
rights:
      - Installation and Use:  You may install an unlimited number
         of copies of the software product. This software product is 
         shareware. Commercial use without express permission is
         prohibited. Permission for commercial use may be obtained
         for a fee by contacting Static Type Foundry (see above info) 
     - Reproduction and Distribution: You may reproduce and 
        distribute an unlimited number of copies of this software 
        product. Each copy may not  be altered, must include all 
        copyright and trademark notices (if applicable), and must be 
        accompanied by a copy of this license. Copies of this 
        software product may not be distributed for profit on a 
        standalone basis or included as part of another product 
        unless by prior written permission of Static Type Foundry. 
        Redistribution through CD ROMs, email, websites archives,
        or any large scale method is strictly forbidden without the 
        prior written permission of Static Type Foundry.  
2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS:
     - Restrictions on Alteration: You may not rename, edit or 
        create any derivative works from this software product 
        without express permission from Static Type Foundry.
     - Warranties: NO WARRANTIES. Static Type Foundry 
        expressly disclaims any warranty for this software product. 
        This software product and any related documentation is 
        provided "as is" and "with all faults", without warranty of any 
        kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, 
        the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a 
        particular purpose, or noninfringement. The entire risk arising
        from use or performance of the software product remains 
        with you. 
     - No Liability for Consequential Damages: In no event shall 
        Static Type Foundry be liable for any damages whatsoever 
        (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of business
        profits, business interruption, loss of business information,
        or any other pecuniary loss) arising from the use of or
        inability to use this software product, even if Static Type 
        Foundry has been advised of the possibility of such 
        damages. 

Thanks again and try not to suck.